Add project governance! (#679)
aya-rs/aya: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide

> * [New Contributor Guide](#contributing-guide)

Reviewer: I'm not a native English speaker, but is using capital letters everywhere necessary? I'd rather go with "Contributing guide", "Ways to contribute", "Find an issue" etc.

Author: It's [Title Case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_case)

  * [Ways to Contribute](#ways-to-contribute)
  * [Find an Issue](#find-an-issue)
  * [Ask for Help](#ask-for-help)
  * [Pull Request Lifecycle](#pull-request-lifecycle)
  * [Signoff Your Commits](#signoff-your-commits)
  * [Pull Request Checklist](#pull-request-checklist)
  * [Documentation Style](#documentation-style)

Welcome! We are glad that you want to contribute to our project! 💖

As you get started, you are in the best position to give us feedback on areas of
our project that we need help with including:

* Problems found during setting up a new developer environment
* Gaps in our Quickstart Guide or documentation
* Bugs in our automation scripts

If anything doesn't make sense, or doesn't work when you run it, please open a

> bug report and let us know!

Reviewer 2: We should probably add some issue templates along with this 

i.e bug-report, enhancement-request, etc

Author: can be done in a follow up

## Ways to Contribute

We welcome many different types of contributions including:

* New features
* Builds, CI/CD
* Bug fixes
* Documentation
* Issue Triage
* Answering questions on Discord
* Web design
* Communications / Social Media / Blog Posts

> * Release management

Reviewer 2: Community-management?

Author: Done
<!-- Reviewable comment -OKg_D589NwO3fy9lffX:bb6un1j -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->

Not everything happens through a GitHub pull request. Please come to our
[Discord](https://discord.gg/xHW2cb2N6G) and let's discuss how we can work
together.

## Find an Issue

> We have good first issues for new contributors and help wanted issues suitable
> for any contributor. [good first issue](https://github.com/aya-rs/aya/labels/good%20first%20issue) has extra information to
> help you make your first contribution. [help wanted](https://github.com/aya-rs/aya/labels/help%20wanted) are issues
> suitable for someone who isn't a core maintainer and is good to move onto after
> your first pull request.

Reviewer: And here some sentences start without capital letters. :stuck_out_tongue: Anyway, I would still rephrase it entirely.

```suggestion
Issues labelled as ["good first issue"](https://github.com/aya-rs/aya/labels/good%20first%20issue)
are suitable for new contributors. They provide extra information to help you make your first
contribution.

Issues labelled as ["help wanted"](https://github.com/aya-rs/aya/labels/help%20wanted) are
usually more difficult. We recommend them for people who aren't core maintainers, but either
made some contributions already or feel comfortable with starting from more demanding tasks.
```

Author: Done.
<!-- Reviewable comment -OKgTK3m6loHJp9y0S44:b-896fix -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->

Sometimes there won’t be any issues with these labels. That’s ok! There is
likely still something for you to work on. If you want to contribute but you
don’t know where to start or can't find a suitable issue, you can reach out to us on Discord and we will be happy to help.

Once you see an issue that you'd like to work on, please post a comment saying
that you want to work on it. Something like "I want to work on this" is fine.

## Ask for Help

The best way to reach us with a question when contributing is to ask on:

> * The original github issue

Reviewer: GitHub

Author: Done.
<!-- Reviewable comment -OKgTKqZ8Y3T3oPXEK6G:b-896fix -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->

> * Our Discord

Reviewer: I'd include an invite link here (and everywhere we mention Discord).

Author: Done.
<!-- Reviewable comment -OKgTLIAEy4S5sgsGU7V:b-896fix -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->

## Pull Request Lifecycle

Pull requests are managed by Mergify.

Our process is currently as follows:

1. When you open a PR a maintainer will automatically be assigned for review

> 1. Make sure that your PR is passing CI - if you need help with failing checks please feel free to ask!

Reviewer 2: NIT: 
```suggestion
2. Make sure that your PR is passing CI - if you need help with failing checks please feel free to ask!
```
And so-on

1. Once it is passing all CI checks, a maintainer will review your PR and you may be asked to make changes.
1. When you have received at two approving reviews from a maintainer, your PR will be merged automiatcally.

In some cases, other changes may conflict with your PR. If this happens, you will get notified by a comment in the issue that your PR requires a rebase, and the `needs-rebase` label will be applied. Once a rebase has been performed, this label will be automatically removed.

## Signoff Your Commits

### DCO

Licensing is important to open source projects. It provides some assurances that
the software will continue to be available based under the terms that the
author(s) desired. We require that contributors sign off on commits submitted to
our project's repositories. The [Developer Certificate of Origin
(DCO)](https://probot.github.io/apps/dco/) is a way to certify that you wrote and
have the right to contribute the code you are submitting to the project.

You sign-off by adding the following to your commit messages. Your sign-off must
match the git user and email associated with the commit.

    This is my commit message

>     Signed-off-by: Your Name <your.name@example.com>

Reviewer: Do we really want to require signoffs? @alessandrod 

I don't mind it (I did it already in some of my PRs without even thinking about it), but we have a lot of not signed off commits. I'm also not a lawyer, but I don't think is really necessary for our licensing stuff?

Author: Done.
<!-- Reviewable comment -OKgTNYKDSXNDbvH2ZDW:b-896fix -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->

Fixes: #1337
Refs: #453, #154
```

> ## Pull Request Checklist

Reviewer 3: can we move some or all of this into the github pull request template?

Author: done.

When you submit your pull request, or you push new commits to it, our automated
systems will run some checks on your new code. We require that your pull request
passes these checks, but we also have more criteria than just that before we can
accept and merge it. We recommend that you check the following things locally
before you submit your code:

* That Rust code has been formatted with `cargo +nightly fmt` and that all clippy lints have been fixed - you can find failing lints with `cargo +nightly clippy`

> * That Go code has been formatted and linted

Reviewer 2: nit: not applicable here :)
